(Benny coughing)
FOR YOUR OWN SAFETY,
NOW THAT GRANDMA BENNY'S
LIVING WITH US,
DON'T TALK TO HER
IN THE MORNING.
OH, AND DON'T PET HER
WHILE SHE'S EATING.
SHE'LL SNAP AT YOU.
GOOD MORNING, BENNY.
HOW ARE YOU HOLDIN' UP?
IT'S CALLED A BRA.
YOU WOULDN'T KNOW ABOUT IT.
WHAT DID I JUST SAY?
I THOUGHT I'D SEE
HOW SHE'S FEELING
AFTER HER HOUSE BURNT DOWN.
ARE YOU CRYING, MOM?
NO, YOU ARE.
SHUT UP.
(coughing and hacking)
YOU CAN THROW OUT
YOUR ALARM CLOCKS, KIDS.
THAT'S YOUR
NEW PHLEGM ROOSTER.
(Benny coughs)
WAIT FOR IT. WAIT FOR IT.
(Benny hawks phlegm)
(spits and grunts)
(knock on door)
HEY. MORNING.
GOOD MORNING.
WHAT'S WITH THE CAN?
OH, I HIT THE NEIGHBORHOOD
TO TRY AND RAISE MONEY
FOR YOUR MOM.
I TOLD EVERYONE
HOW SHE'D LOST HER SAVINGS
WHEN HER HOUSE BURNED DOWN
AND THAT ANY AMOUNT OF MONEY
WILL HELP, NO MATTER HOW SMALL.
ERNIE, THIS CAN'S EMPTY.
YEAH, I KNOW.
SHE'S NOT WELL-LIKED.
OH, THERE WERE SOME
NOTES, THOUGH.
CHECK IT OUT...
"YOU DESERVE IT."
"YOU HAD IT COMING."
"WHAT THE HELL DOES GOD HAVE
TO DO TO FINISH YOU OFF?"
OH, "I HOPE
YOU BUILD A NEW HOUSE..."
WELL, THAT'S NOT BAD.
"BUT THIS TIME
THE WINDOWS ARE PAINTED SHUT
"SO YOU'RE TRAPPED INSIDE
AND YOU BURN ALIVE
"LIKE THE WICKED WITCH
YOU ARE."
WHO SIGNED THAT?
I WANT TO SEND HIM
A CHRISTMAS CARD.
ACTUALLY, A WHOLE LOT
OF PEOPLE SIGNED IT.
IT'S MORE LIKE A PETITION.
BENNY, I'M GOING
SHOPPING TODAY.
DO YOU NEED ANYTHING
TO GET YOU STARTED?
EVERYTHING.
TOOTHPASTE, DEODORANT,
UNDERWEAR, WHISKEY--
YOU KNOW, ACTUALLY,
IF YOU GET ME ENOUGH WHISKEY,
I WON'T EVEN CARE
ABOUT THE UNDERWEAR.
MAN, POOR BENNY.
I CAN'T IMAGINE
LOSING EVERYTHING
AND HAVING
TO START ALL OVER.
YEAH. IT'D BE TOUGH TO LOSE
THOSE "SPEED RACER" SHEETS
AND THAT RUBIK'S CUBE
WITH ONE SIDE FINISHED.
HEY, IT'S A MARATHON,
NOT A SPRINT, ALL RIGHT?
GEORGE, I'M GONNA BE
BUSY SHOPPING.
CAN YOU
STOP BY THE POST OFFICE
AND CHANGE YOUR MOM'S
HOME ADDRESS TO HERE?
WHY DON'T I JUST
POINT TO THE WANTED POSTER
AND TELL 'EM THAT NUMBER EIGHT
SHAVED HER BEARD,
AND SHE'S LIVING WITH US?
CAN'T THEY JUST
HOLD HER MAIL, ANGIE?
SHE'S NOT GONNA BE
WITH US THAT LONG.
YOUR MOM LOST EVERYTHING.
SHE NEEDS US,
AND WE'RE
GONNA BE THERE FOR HER.
I KNOW IT'S GONNA BE HARD,
BUT WE'RE GONNA
HAVE TO FACE THE FACT
THAT SHE MAY BE LIVING HERE
FOR A LONG, LONG...
TIME.
YEAH, HOW ARE YOU
GONNA FACE THAT?
BY THROWING MYSELF
IN MY WORK
AND TURNING MY BACK
ON MY FAMILY.
THAT'S MINE!
MAN, BENNY'S
GOT NO RETIREMENT.
SHE'S NOT GETTIN'
ANY YOUNGER.
YOU COULD BE LIVING
WITH YOUR MOM FOREVER.
OOH, THAT'S ROUGH.
HEY, FOOL,
YOU STILL LIVE WITH YOUR MOM.
YEAH, BUT I DON'T
HAVE TO WORK WITH HER.
YOU GOT NO ESCAPE NOW,
GEORGE.
YOU'RE GONNA BE
WITH BENNY ALL DAY.
BREAKFAST, CARPOOL,
WORK, CARPOOL, DINNER.
BREAKFAST, CARPOOL, WORK,
CARPOOL, DINNER.
BREAKFAST, CARPOOL,
WORK, CARPOOL, DINNER.
BREAKFAST, CARPOOL, WORK--
I GOT IT.
ALL RIGHT, BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
I ONLY GOT TO WEDNESDAY,
'CAUSE YOU KNOW
WHAT THURSDAY'S GONNA BE LIKE?
BREAKFAST, CARPOOL, WORK,
CARPOOL, DINNER.
ENOUGH!
THIS IS NEVER
GONNA WORK OUT.
I LIVED WITH MY MOM
FOR 18 YEARS, AND IT WAS HELL.
(snaps fingers)
I'VE GOTTA
GET HER AN APARTMENT.
OH, YEAH? WHAT ABOUT
WHAT ANGIE JUST SAID, HUH?
(childish voice) "WHAT ABOUT
WHAT ANGIE JUST SAID?"
SO HOW SOON ARE YOU GONNA
GET BENNY OUT OF HERE?
I DON'T KNOW.
SHE'S BEEN THROUGH
SOMETHING PRETTY TRAUMATIC.
IT'S GONNA TAKE HER AWHILE
TO GET BACK ON HER FEET.
MAYBE A MONTH.
WHAT DO YOU KNOW?
ANGIE'S NIGHTSHIRT FITS ME.
"WANT FRIES"...
"WITH THIS SHAKE?"
THAT'S NOT A SHAKE, VATO.
THAT'S AN UNHAPPY MEAL.
(War's "Low Rider" playing)
* ALL MY FRIENDS
* KNOW THE LOW RIDER
* YEAH
* THE LOW RIDER
* IS A LITTLE HIGHER
* YEAH
CARMEN, THIS CAME FOR YOU
FROM JASON.
HE'S SO SWEET.
I WONDER WHAT GIFT
HE GOT ME.
THIS IS THE PICTURE OF ME
I SENT HIM.
OH, HONEY,
I'M SO SORRY.
I KNOW THAT YOU DON'T WANT
TO ACCEPT THAT JASON'S MOVED ON,
BUT THIS SHOULD
MAKE IT PRETTY CLEAR.
WHY?
CARMEN, HE'S MOVED
ACROSS THE COUNTRY.
HE WON'T RETURN YOUR CALLS,
AND NOW HE SENT YOUR GIFT BACK.
WHAT DOES THAT TELL YOU?
MOM, IT'S SO OBVIOUS
WHAT'S GOING ON.
IT IS TO US,
BUT WHAT DO YOU THINK
IS GOING ON?
JASON'S 3,000 MILES AWAY.
A PICTURE OF ME WOULD JUST
MAKE HIM MISS ME MORE.
SWEETHEART,
IF I END UP
SLAPPING YOU IN YOUR FACE
IT'S TO HELP YOU,
NOT TO HURT YOU.
I DON'T KNOW WHY
YOU'RE SO WORRIED ABOUT US.
WHEN JASON SAID
HE'D LOVE ME FOREVER,
HE MEANT FOREVER.
WHEN HE SAID THAT,
WAS YOUR SHIRT ON OR OFF?
UPSTAIRS.
IT MATTERS.
GET!
HEY,
HAVE YOU SEEN MY MOM?
SHE'S SMOKING
IN THE YARD.
SO, MOM,
TELL ME THE TRUTH.
I MEAN, IT'S BEEN A WEEK
SINCE YOUR HOUSE BURNED DOWN.
HOW ARE YOU REALLY FEELING?
WELL, HONESTLY--
I KNEW YOU'D BOUNCE BACK.
LET'S LOOK FOR APARTMENTS.
WHAT?
ARE YOU TRYING
TO GET RID OF ME?
IS THE MOTHER BIRD TRYING
TO GET RID OF THE BABY BIRD
WHEN SHE KICKS IT
OUT OF THE NEST? NO.
SHE WANTS IT TO GET STRONGER
OR DIE TRYING.
DID ANGIE
PUT YOU UP TO THIS?
SHE WAS WAY TOO NICE TO ME
THIS LAST WEEK.
I'M NOT GONNA
SELL OUT MY WIFE,
BUT, YES,
SHE'S BEHIND ALL THIS.
I KNEW IT.
COME ON, MOM, REALLY,
HOW LONG DID YOU THINK
YOU WERE GONNA STAY?
I DON'T KNOW.
YOU KNOW, MAYBE ENOUGH TIME
TO SAVE SOME MONEY,
GET BACK ON MY FEET.
WELL,
TODAY'S YOUR LUCKY DAY,
BECAUSE I GOT YOUR PAYCHECK
AND I GOT YOU AN ADVANCE.
ALL RIGHT!
(laughs)
OH,
THIS IS A LOT OF MONEY.
YEAH, COME ON, GET YOUR STUFF.
LET'S LOOK AT APARTMENTS.
SURE, YEAH. WHY NOT?
AND I FOUND A PLACE
I THINK YOU'RE GONNA LOVE.
IT'S BY A LIQUOR STORE
AND A MEN'S SHELTER.
HUH? BOOZE AND MEN
ON THEIR WAY DOWN.
TELL ME THAT DOESN'T
FEEL LIKE HOME, MOM.
HEY, VIC, YOU LIKE YOUR
APARTMENT BUILDING, RIGHT?
OH, IT'S FANTASTIC.
THERE IS A GYM, A POOL,
AND ALL THE WOMEN
HAVE ROCK-HARD BODIES
THAT WERE BUILT FOR THONGS.
THAT'S GREAT, 'CAUSE I'M
TAKING MY MOM OVER THERE
TO LOOK AT A STUDIO TODAY.
NO, NO, YOU CANNOT.
THERE ARE NO VACANCIES.
BUT I DROPPED BY THIS MORNING.
I SAW A SIGN.
BUT DRIVE BY THIS AFTERNOON.
IT WON'T BE THERE.
I HAVE TO GO.
COME ON, MOM, WE SAW SOME
GREAT APARTMENTS TODAY.
GEORGE, NONE OF 'EM
FELT LIKE HOME.
THAT'S BECAUSE YOU HAVEN'T ADDED
YOUR SPECIAL TOUCHES YET.
YOU NEED TO SPILL SOME BEER
ON THE CARPET...
PUT SOME CLAW MARKS
ON THE HEADBOARD.
MAYBE WE CAN FIND
A CHUBBY MEXICAN BOY
YOU CAN IGNORE
FOR 18 YEARS.
OH, SORRY, PRINCESS,
I DIDN'T FIND ANY APARTMENTS.
YOU'RE STILL STUCK WITH ME.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
OH, YOU DON'T HAVE TO
HIDE IT ANYMORE.
GEORGE TOLD ME THAT YOU WANT ME
OUT OF THE HOUSE.
YEAH, YOU'RE
ALL ABOUT FAMILY.
ALL RIGHT, HEAR ME OUT.
ALL RIGHT, YOU GO.
I NEED TIME TO THINK.
I HAVE BEEN TRYING TO
MAKE HER FEEL WELCOME HERE,
AND YOU COMPLETELY
UNDERMINE ME.
OKAY, I GOT SOMETHING.
OY.
THIS IS MY FAMILY.
LET ME HANDLE IT.
WHEN WE GOT MARRIED,
WE ALL BECAME ONE FAMILY.
OH!
OKAY, GO AGAIN.
I NEED MORE TIME TO THINK.
LOOK, WHEN MY MOM AND DAD
CAME HERE FROM CUBA,
THEY DIDN'T HAVE ANYTHING
BUT THE CLOTHES ON THEIR BACKS.
AND MY UNCLE,
WHO HATED MY FATHER,
TOOK THEM IN FOR TWO YEARS
BECAUSE THAT'S WHAT FAMILIES
DO FOR EACH OTHER.
NO, THAT'S WHAT
CUBAN FAMILIES DO.
WE'RE MEXICAN.
IF WE DON'T LIKE A RELATIVE,
WE DON'T DEAL WITH 'EM.
REMEMBER MY COUSIN TOOTIE?
HE'D SAY, "I HAVEN'T TALKED
TO MY DAD IN 17 YEARS."
I'D SAY, "WHERE IS HE?"
"HE'S IN THE LIVING ROOM."
YOU KNOW,
THERE MIGHT BE SOMETHING
DEEPER GOING ON WITH YOU.
NO, THERE'S NOT.
THERE NEVER IS.
IN 19 YEARS, HAVE YOU EVER
SEEN ANY DEEPNESS?
MAYBE IT'S TOUGH SEEING YOUR MOM
IN SUCH A VULNERABLE PLACE
BECAUSE THE PARENT
IS BECOMING THE CHILD,
AND NOW YOU HAVE
TO TAKE CARE OF HER.
YOU KNOW, YOUR READING
IS HURTING OUR MARRIAGE.
WHY DON'T YOU STICK
TO THE DIRTY NOVELS?
LOOK...
I DON'T HAVE TIME
TO DEAL WITH THIS.
I'M PLANNING A BIG WEDDING
IN MALIBU.
YOU NEED TO GET OVER
YOUR OWN ISSUES
AND MAKE YOUR MOM
FEEL WELCOME,
BECAUSE SHE'S STAYING HERE
AS LONG AS SHE WANTS TO.
ANGIE--
END OF DISCUSSION.
OH...
I TOLD YOU,
NOT IN FRONT OF MY FRIENDS!
HEY, YOU BETTER CALL 9-1-1
'CAUSE YOU JUST GOT BURNED.
WHOO!
YEAH, WELL, AT LEAST
I GOT A WOMAN TO YELL AT ME.
BACK BURN!
TRUCE?
YEAH.
DONE.
ALL RIGHT.
SO YOU READY TO
HIT THE DRIVING RANGE?
YEAH, LET ME GET MY CLUBS.
I JUST NEED TO GIVE YOUR MAMA
A MESSAGE FROM BIG JIMMY.
BIG JIMMY BRISCOE
THE BOOKIE?
YEAH. I SAW HIM
AT THIRSTY'S LAST NIGHT.
HE SAID YOUR MOM
CAN'T SIGN OVER HER PAYCHECK.
HE'LL ONLY TAKE CASH.
(sports event playing on TV)
HOW'S THE GAME, MOM?
OH, YOU KNOW,
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
YOU ROOTIN' FOR ANYONE
IN PARTICULAR?
UH-UH.
I DON'T REALLY CARE.
YES! INTERCEPTED!
THANK YOU, LORD!
HEY, HEY, HEY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
CHECK IT OUT.
IT'S A POKER TOURNAMENT.
MAN, THAT GUY
JUST BET ALL HIS CHIPS.
YOU'D HAVE TO BE STUPID
TO TAKE THAT KIND OF RISK.
UNLESS HE'S LEECHING OFF
HIS SON,
HE DOESN'T HAVE
ANY REAL EXPENSES.
SO I MADE A BET.
BIG DEAL.
HOW COULD YOU GAMBLE, MOM?
I GOT YOU YOUR PAYCHECK.
I EVEN GOT YOU AN ADVANCE.
I WENT OUT ON A LIMB FOR YOU.
IT'S MY MONEY, AND I'LL DO
WHAT I WANT WITH IT.
NOT WHEN YOU'RE LIVING
IN MY HOUSE RENT-FREE.
YOU'RE EATING OUR FOOD.
ANGIE'S BUYING YOU CLOTHES.
YOU'RE JUST MOOCHING OFF US.
EXCUSE ME
FOR HAVING FUN, OKAY?
BUT MY FREAKIN' HOUSE
JUST BURNED DOWN!
SO MAYBE I DID
BLOW A LITTLE MONEY,
BUT AS SOON AS THIS KID
MAKES THIS FIELD GOAL,
I AM GONNA
WIN IT ALL BACK.
CRAP!
WHO MISSES
A 20-YARD FIELD GOAL, HUH?!
YOU KNOW WHAT, MOM?
I WANT YOU OUT OF HERE.
WHAT?
LOOK, I'M SORRY
YOU LOST YOUR HOUSE.
BUT I'M NOT GONNA LET YOU
TAKE ADVANTAGE OF US.
I'LL GIVE YOU MONEY
FOR AN APARTMENT.
I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS.
YOU'RE KICKING ME OUT?
THIS CHECK WILL COVER
THE FIRST AND LAST MONTH'S RENT.
AND I HEAR BIG JIMMY BRISCOE'S
LOOKING FOR YOU,
SO I'LL THROW AN EXTRA $100 IN
FOR A HAT AND A MUSTACHE.
MAYBE JUST A HAT.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I DON'T NEED
YOUR STINKIN' MONEY.
THERE IS A FLAG ON THE PLAY,
AND THERE IS NO WAY
THAT THIS LOSER IS GONNA MISS
ANOTHER 20-YARD FIELD GOAL!
CRAP!
WAIT, THERE'S ANOTHER FLAG!
OOH, REALLY?
NO, I'M JUST PLAYING
WITH YOUR SICKNESS.
HEY.
OKAY, CARMEN
IS STILL IN DENIAL.
JASON SENT HER GIFT BACK
WITH A LETTER DUMPING HER,
AND SHE REFUSES
TO ACCEPT IT.
ANGIE, THIS IS A GOOD THING.
EVEN IF IT'S BASED ON
A TOTAL LIE, CARMEN'S HAPPY.
IT'S LIKE THE WEEK
YOU THOUGHT WE WERE GOING
TO SPAIN ON OUR HONEYMOON.
CAN YOU BELIEVE IT?
MOM'S WEDDING DRESS
ALMOST FITS ME.
IT MUST BE 12:00
BECAUSE "CUCKOO, CUCKOO."
I'M GONNA SEE
WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE OUTSIDE,
'CAUSE I'M GONNA HAVE
AN OUTDOOR WEDDING.
(whistles)
WOULD YOU PLEASE
TALK TO YOUR DAUGHTER?
I CAN'T GET THROUGH TO HER.
WHAT MAKES YOU THINK I CAN?
BECAUSE YOU'RE BLUNT,
AND YOU DON'T CARE
ABOUT PEOPLE'S FEELINGS.
IT'S THE ONLY GOOD THING
I EVER GOT FROM MY MOM.
BE HONEST. DO YOU LIKE
THIS DRESS ON ME?
YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL, HONEY.
BUT WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT
THIS LETTER FROM JASON.
OH, IT'S OKAY. HE JUST HAS
COLD FEET ABOUT THE MARRIAGE.
THE MAGAZINES SAY
IT HAPPENS ALL THE TIME.
YOU KNOW, I THINK
IT'S MORE THAN THAT.
LOOK, I'M A GUY, SO I KNOW
WHAT HE'S TRYING TO SAY.
LET ME TRANSLATE IT FOR YOU.
"CARMEN, THE LAST THING
I WANT TO DO IS HURT YOU."
THAT MEANS
"HERE COMES THE HURT."
"WE'VE BOTH BEEN THROUGH
A LOT OF GROWTH AND CHANGE."
HE'S TIRED OF YOU,
AND HE'S MOVING ON.
"BUT WE NEED TO
PURSUE OTHER OPPORTUNITIES..."
HE'S MET SOMEONE ELSE.
"AND KEEP OUR MINDS OPEN."
SHE'S BLACK OR ASIAN.
"I DON'T KNOW HOW ELSE
TO SAY THIS, BUT IT'S OVER."
IT'S OVER.
(crying)
YEAH, BUT I STILL LOVE HIM.
IT'S GONNA BE OKAY.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
IT'S REALLY OVER.
WHAT AM I GONNA DO
WITHOUT HIM?
CARMEN, YOU CAN DO BETTER
THAN SOME BASEBALL PLAYER
WHO'S ALWAYS GONNA BE
ON THE ROAD.
YOU'LL HAVE PLENTY OF OTHER GUYS
AFTER YOU. YOU'RE A CATCH.
I KNOW.
WHAT'S WRONG WITH HIM?
I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE HE'S A LITTLE...
(whistles)
I LOVE YOU, DADDY.
I LOVE YOU, TOO.
WHAT THE HELL?
(hair dryer whirring)
WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE DOING?
I WAS DRYING MY HAIR
IN MY LIVING ROOM.
AND NOW I'M STIRRING MY BEANS
IN MY KITCHEN.
MOM, YOU CAN'T LIVE
IN YOUR CAR.
WELL, YOU KICKED ME OUT.
I GAVE YOU A CHECK
FOR AN APARTMENT,
OR DID YOU
GAMBLE THAT AWAY, TOO?
NO, I DID NOT.
I CASHED IT AND LOCKED IT
IN MY GLOVE COMPARTMENT.
NOW IF YOU WILL
EXCUSE ME, PLEASE,
I'M GOING TO START MY HOUSE
SO I CAN DRY MY UNDERWEAR
ON THE ENGINE BLOCK!
OKAY, I KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE DOING.
YOU'RE JUST TRYING TO
MAKE ME FEEL GUILTY.
YOU SHOULD FEEL GUILTY, GEORGE!
YOU OWE ME!
I BROUGHT YOU INTO THIS WORLD.
AND I DIDN'T HAVE TO.
YEAH, I REMEMBER YOU
LEANING OVER MY CRIB SAYING,
"GOOD NIGHT,
MY LITTLE DRUNKEN MISTAKE."
YOU REMEMBER THAT
FROM WHEN YOU WERE A BABY?
NO, YOU DIDN'T GIVE ME
A REAL BED TILL I WAS 7!
I WAS SO CRAMPED IN THERE.
EVERY MORNING,
I WOKE UP WITH A DEAD LEG.
I COULD BARELY CATCH THE BUS.
I WAS LIKE, "HEY, WAIT UP!"
AFTER YOU LEFT MY HOUSE,
YOU WERE ALIVE
AND HEALTHY, OKAY?
I DID MY JOB. AND WHAT KIND
OF THANKS DO I GET, HUH?
I GET KICKED TO THE CURB!
HEY, LIVING OUT HERE
IS YOUR CHOICE.
YOU'RE NOT GONNA GUILT ME INTO
LETTING YOU BACK IN THE HOUSE.
YOU'RE PROBABLY RIGHT.
WELL, I COULD NEVER
MAKE YOU FEEL GUILTY.
GO AHEAD, PUT IT UP.
I DON'T CARE
WHAT PEOPLE THINK OF ME.
(car honks)
THANK YOU! THAT'S HIM!
WAKE YOUR MOM UP!
HER CAR IS ON FIRE!
WHAT?
HER CAR IS OUTSIDE,
AND IT'S ON FIRE!
GOD!
WHERE IS SHE?
IN THE LIVING ROOM?
NO, SHE'S LIVING IN HER CAR.
WHAT?!
I KICKED HER OUT
BECAUSE SHE WAS GAMBLING.
THAT'S WHAT
MEXICAN FAMILIES DO.
GEORGE!
DON'T YELL AT ME, ANGIE!
I GOTTA PUT OUT MY MOTHER!
THANKS.
HOLY CRAP!
WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED HERE?
WHERE WERE YOU?
I WAS SIPHONING GAS OUT
OF THE CHANGS' MINIVAN.
I HEARD THE SIRENS,
SO I HID IN THE BUSHES.
DID YOU LEAVE ANOTHER CIGARETTE
BURNING IN YOUR CAR?
NO. I'M NOT AN IDIOT!
I PUT THE CIGARETTE ON THE EDGE
OF THE ASHTRAY, AND THEN I LEFT.
DID YOU SLAM THE DOOR?
OH, DAMN IT.
HOW DOES IT FEEL
TO LOSE MY RESPECT?
BECAUSE NOW
YOU'VE LOST EVERYTHING.
THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU'VE BEEN SERVED.
TELL ME THE MONEY
THAT I GAVE YOU
WASN'T IN
THE GLOVE COMPARTMENT.
WHO CARES ABOUT YOUR MONEY?
THE LAST THING I OWNED
IN THIS WORLD JUST BURNED UP
BECAUSE YOU WOULDN'T LET ME
LIVE IN YOUR HOUSE!
OH, DON'T BLAME THIS ON ME!
I GAVE YOU MONEY
FOR AN APARTMENT!
I DON'T WANT TO LIVE
IN AN APARTMENT!
WHAT AM I GONNA DO THERE?
SIT ON MY BUTT
AND STARE AT A TV ALL DAY?
THAT'S WHAT YOU DO HERE!
NO.
IT'S DIFFERENT.
THERE ARE PEOPLE AROUND.
WELL, I THOUGHT YOU LIKED
LIVING ALONE.
WHY ELSE WOULD YOU
LET YOUR HOUSE SMELL LIKE THAT?
YOU KNOW, YOU LIVE ALONE,
YOU DIE ALONE.
AND THAT JUST DOESN'T SOUND LIKE
THE PARTY IT USED TO.
YOU'RE ACTUALLY SCARED.
NO, I AM NOT.
YEAH, YOU ARE.
YOU GOT THE SAME EXPRESSION
ON YOUR FACE AS YOU DO
WHEN YOU GET AN ENVELOPE
FROM THE FREE CLINIC.
FINE, JUST FORGET
I SAID ANYTHING, ALL RIGHT?
I'M JUST GONNA
GRAB THE REST OF MY STUFF
AND GET OUT OF HERE!
OKAY, I'M JUST GONNA
GET OUT OF HERE.
WHY COULDN'T YOU JUST SAY YOU
WANTED TO BE AROUND YOUR FAMILY?
MAYBE I WANTED TO AVOID
A CONVERSATION LIKE THIS!
FAMILY IS JUST SUPPOSED TO
KNOW THINGS, GEORGE.
I MEAN, WHEN YOU WERE CRYING
AS A KID,
I DIDN'T ASK YOU
WHY YOU WERE CRYING.
I JUST--I HELD YOU.
TOO MUCH?
YEAH, I REMEMBER YOU
HOLDING ME, MOM.
YOU WERE USING ME AS A SHIELD
TO SPRAY A BEEHIVE.
I WAS ALLERGIC.
I THOUGHT YOU WEREN'T.
OKAY, I WAS WRONG.
I'M SORRY.
THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN
NICE TO HEAR IN THE HOSPITAL
WHEN I WAS BREATHING THROUGH
A COFFEE STRAW.
ALL RIGHT.
YOU THINK I'M A LOUSY MOTHER,
AND I DESERVE THIS. FINE.
I'M GONE!
GO.
I'M GOING!
BYE.
DAMN! OOH!
OH, DAMN. TRICK KNEE.
HEY, THERE, MR. SNAIL.
AT LEAST YOU'VE GOT YOUR HOUSE
ON YOUR BACK.
ANY ROOM IN THERE FOR ME?
KNOCK IT OFF, MOM.
OKAY, YOU CAN LIVE WITH US.
WELL, IF THAT'S
WHAT YOU WANT, GEORGE.
YOU KNOW, I'M TIRED OF
FIGHTING WITH YOU.
(squish)
STUPID SNAIL.
IT'S BEEN A LONG DAY.
I'M GOING TO BED.
I'M GONNA CRASH
ON THE COUCH.
YOU KNOW...
WHEN I CAME OUT HERE TONIGHT,
IT WAS THE SECOND TIME IN A WEEK
THAT I THOUGHT
YOU WERE BURNED ALIVE.
I'M STARTING TO BE
OKAY WITH IT.